Minor improvements / nits (#29070)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_backgrounds_and_borders/resizing_background_images/index.md

As you can see, the CSS is actually essentially identical, save the name of the image file.

## Special values: `contain` and `cover`

> Besides {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} values, the {{cssxref("background-size")}} CSS property offers two special size values, `contain` and `cover`. Let's take a look at these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} values, the {{cssxref("background-size")}} CSS property offers two special size values, `contain` and `cover`. Let's take a look at these.
```
